Question 1: Using proper pseudo-code, describe the following primitive algorithms:

Making coffee:

	FUNCTION makeCoffee:
    		Add coffee in coffee machine;
    		Add water to coffee machine;
    		Start coffee machine;
    		Pour coffee into cup;
    		IF (sugar is required) THEN 
        	    Add two sugars;
        	ELSE 
		   don’t add two sugars;
    		ENDIF
    		Serve;
	END FUNCTION;


Washing dishes:

	FUNCTION washDishes:
		Open dishwasher;
		Collect dirty dishes;
		Rinse dirty dish in sink and put in dishwasher;
		Add soap to dishwasher;
		Close dishwasher;
		PRESS start button and wait 30 minutes;
		AFTER 30 minutes, Take dishes out;
	END FUNCTION;


Wash Clothes:
	FUNCTION washClothes:
		PUT detergent into the washing machine;
		Collect dirty clothes;
		PUT dirty clothes into the washing machine;
		Press start button and wait 30 minutes;
		After 30 mitutes, PUT clothes into the dryer;
		ADD softener and SET time to 60 minutes;
		After 60 minutes, Check clothes;
		IF clothes are still wet THEN:
			PUT clothes into the dryer again;
			SET time to 30 minutes;
		ELSE take clothes out of the dryer;
		END IF;
	END FUNCTION;



Question 2: 

Walmart uses algorithmic retailing to improve retailer performance and customer experiences for their stores. Walmart uses Eden technology, 
which extracts knowledge from big data through machine learning via an algorithm. As a result, the stores have a better monitor and care for
fresh fruits and vegetables. So, they can predict the shelf life of veggies.

(https://blogs.gartner.com/robert-hetu/walmarts-freshness-algorithm-great-example-algorithmic-retailing/)

UPS is one of the successful companies that apply algorithms for their business. UPS applies telematics and algorithms to optimize the
processes
and revenue streams. 

Amazon applies algorithms in their businesses to keep track of the information of their customers and products that customers want to buy. 
For example,
Based on the information from looking at the purchase or rating history of the users, Amazon generates the recommendations for 
the related products or recommendations for the lists of items that may go together. 

Question 3: Hypothesize about what constitutes an efficient algorithm versus an inefficient algorithm.

An algorithm is efficient or not depends on two crucial factors: time and space - How fast does the algorithm take to complete and how much
working
memory is needed to operate. If an algorithm takes less time and less space to complete a process, it is considered an efficient 
algorithm.
Besides these two crucial factors, there are some other factors that constitute an efficient algorithm such as Money, Operational 
Complexity, 
Network utilization, or Network calls.














		
